mux_gen + v2x: Support generating FASM annotations for muxes. (#703)
SymbiFlow/symbiflow-arch-defs: utils/vlog/tests/multiple_instance/README.md

## Multiple instance tests

This directory contains tests for the `v2x_to_model.py` and `v2x_to_pb_type` tools.

## Blackbox detection

 - [ ] model of the leaf pb\_type is generated
 - [ ] leaf pb\_type xml is generated
 - [ ] automatic inclusion of sub modules in model and pb\_type files

> ## Pack pattern inferrence

Author: ```suggestion
## Pack pattern inference
```

>  - [ ] automatic pack patern inferrence for all the direct internal module connetions

Author: ```suggestion
 - [ ] automatic pack pattern inference for all the direct internal module connections
```
